feat!: options inheritance, useWhenProviderReady, suspend by default (#900)
open-feature/js-sdk: packages/react/README.md

    </OpenFeatureProvider>
  );
}
```

#### Evaluation hooks

Within the provider, you can use the various evaluation hooks to evaluate flags. 

```tsx
function Page() {

>   // Use the "query-style" flag evaluation hook, specifying a flag-key and a default value.

Author: We say that in the JS doc, I'm hesitant to make this too wordy.

  // component to render before READY.
  return <p>Waiting for provider to be ready...</p>;
}

```

This can be disabled in the hook options (or in the [OpenFeatureProvider](#openfeatureprovider-context-provider)).

## FAQ and troubleshooting

> I get an error that says something like: `A React component suspended while rendering, but no fallback UI was specified.`

The OpenFeature React SDK features built-in [suspense support](#suspense-support).
This means that it will render your loading fallback automatically while the your provider starts up, and during context reconciliation for any of your components using feature flags!
However, you will see this error if you neglect to create a suspense boundary around any components using feature flags; add a suspense boundary to resolve this issue.

> Alternatively, you can disable this feature by setting `suspendWhileReconciling=true` and `suspendUntilReady=true` in the [evaluation hooks](#evaluation-hooks) or the [OpenFeatureProvider](#openfeatureprovider-context-provider) (which applies to all evaluation hooks in child components).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can disable this feature by setting `suspendWhileReconciling=false` and `suspendUntilReady=false` in the [evaluation hooks](#evaluation-hooks) or the [OpenFeatureProvider](#openfeatureprovider-context-provider) (which applies to all evaluation hooks in child components).
```

If I am not totally misreading this, the options should be set to false right?

Author: Absolutely! Nice catch.

> I get odd rendering issues, or errors when components mount, if I use the suspense features.

> In React 16/17's "Legacy Suspense", when a component suspends, it's sibling components initially mount and then are hidden.

Author: ```suggestion
In React 16/17's "Legacy Suspense", when a component suspends, its sibling components initially mount and then are hidden.
```

> This can cause surprising effects and inconsistencies if they are render while the provider is still getting ready.

Author: ```suggestion
This can cause surprising effects and inconsistencies if sibling components are rendered while the provider is still getting ready.
```

To fix this, you can upgrade to React 18, which uses "Concurrent Suspense", in which siblings are not mounted until their suspended sibling resolves.
Alternatively, if you cannot upgrade to React 18, you can use the `useWhenProviderReady` utility hook in any sibling components to force them from mounting until the provider is ready.

> I am using multiple `OpenFeatureProvider` contexts, but they are sharing the same provider or evaluation context. Why?

> The `OpenFeatureProvider` binds a `client` to all child components, but the provider associated with that client is controlled by the `domain` parameter.

Author: ```suggestion
The `OpenFeatureProvider` binds a `client` to all child components, but the provider and context associated with that client is controlled by the `domain` parameter.
```

This is consistent with all OpenFeature SDKs.

> To scope a provider to a particular client (or set of clients) set the `domain` parameter on your `OpenFeatureProvider`:

Author: ```suggestion
To scope a provider to a particular provider/context set the `domain` parameter on your `OpenFeatureProvider`:
```
